like as if you've seen my other video
for our earlier video then you would
know that we've got an iPod shuffle
about a week ago even though the video
was posted yesterday or no today it was
the record week ago so that's what we
got here it's an iPod shuffle first
generation that's what I named it I felt
like it yes because a close-up yes and
then we've done G point 8 megabytes
after version no stuff ok so anyway you
know I've got all these settings at
first it was corrupted the way I found
was corrupted I need to be downloading
this utility here oops it's an iPod
reset utility I'm not gonna use it right
now I want to use it and that fix the
problem of it being kind of corrupt so
I'm gonna take this thing out and hoping
the upload this video and get this
computer which I really don't feel like
I really don't feel like having to
actually do an edit and some hoping sous
vide will go along the issue so I'm
gonna plug this in and I got gonna use
these headphones and yes I do have an
iPod fourth generation these are the
fourth alright
never end
and
supporting
I use this thing
it sure does work it's playing something
by the hill it's a microphone in this
thing where is it where are you silly
microphone I think's right here sorry
you guys can't hear that anyway yeah I
guess is pretty much it
anyway it works and listen to me see
music right now here's where I sink down
to it 10 stuff by the Beatles and Led
Zeppelin the who our various stuff
alright so that's pretty much it I'm
gonna keep this video file small so see
you guys later another video